hello YouTube this is Sun accrual rule
96 and as you can see up there master
ninja mows my gamertag as the title
description hence hat this is just for
fellow Digimon fans out there the rest
of you probably just don't care so
before we get started I just like to say
I am sorry for the poor quality you
might be receiving to this video
hopefully someone better recording
equipment comes in and does it video but
for now I'm sorry you just have to deal
with me my cell phone
well without further ado let's just go
right to the avatar stored I go right to
the lifestyle collections what do you
want to do is go to the fund right next
to my man Deadpool's collection right
next to it is your that little active
xbox live box I did you want collection
for your aft are here we got a tie
costume
metal Greymon mask won't grade my mask
I'd ever my mask and I'm on Magna
Angemon garuda bought each of those are
like two dollars to tie costumes like
three dollars a dish my logo t-shirt cap
and hoodie and my personal favorite a
Naga mom prop wow look at my look at how
them are over there but um this tells me
that dude ones is definitely geared more
popular and other countries besides
Japan Thank You Japan for making such an
awesome show I'm sorry if you hate the
English dub but yeah I noticed that it
died down here in America and well it
looks like Digimon fusion is picking up
that popularity right back up Thank You
Nick tears for picking it up Eva we have
to deal with your crappy scheduling no
offense
so yeah this just tells me we might get
future TV shows future games
or at least at the fort at the very
worst maybe in the near future future of
costumes like a warGreymon costume or a
metal Greymon prop or heck maybe even
more digidestined costumes or more did
you want like maybe a paddle Mountain
prop or gabumon prop heck I don't like
to see a keel mom and I'll stick to my
arm proper gear monk property pretty
cool too so you had this is awesome for
us to each one of fans up there I hope
you guys get really interested in get
this stuff maybe firing the stuff will
show that did you wanna is pretty
popular maybe at Microsoft I don't know
if it's on the PlayStation Network did
you my fans with a PlayStation 3 please
check for me but for now I'm just yeah
go out there it maybe if you get this
stuff the bull get more Digimon content
or make us off like HD collections or
something I think that'd be pretty great
but for now this is Santa Cruz /
messenger MOU signing out and maybe I'll
since I'm now getting a YouTube career
huh I hope I get youtube career yeah
right but yeah maybe I'll do some Let's
Plays just send me messages I'll let you
know if I have those games maybe a
feature video telling you guys about
games I'll be playing so this message mo
saying goodnight